Now before we dive into the first framework we will work with in the US courts view chairs.
Let's understand which prerequisites these frameworks have from a challenge perspective.
We have.
Do you react in anger.
And as we already learned we got multiple warnings of jealousy that we could use.
We have ears five ears six and typescript and we have all the other things like coffee script which
is a superset but not very popular these days.
So I'll stick to these free E-6 sometimes need a local workflow.
So we need some tool like baby that combined with the web peg to Trents pilots ears 5.
Because again it won't run an all or in typescript case in any browsers.
So which framework supports which language or needs which language.
Let's start with the view.
It works absolutely fine with iOS 5.
So you can write all the code in a language which will work like this in the browser so you don't need
to transpire compile or do anything with that.
You might still set up a workflow to optimize your code bundling it if you want to split it or multiple
files or optimize identify it but you won't need to train a pilot UJA us all.
It works great with ESX.
It supports both languages and if you want to use some new iOS 6 features definitely feel free to do
so.
You will need to add local workflow then of course it also works with typescript but that is more difficult
to set up.
There is no official support but some packages you can add.
Not super trivial but theoretically doable if you already know types Kimpton you are a big fan.
You can search for articles explaining that and it is doable.
How about react react will work with ease.
5 but that is not really the way you create re-act applications.
It is not supported or documented that well and it is not how you write re-act apps these days.
You can start with that if you absolutely have to.
You can stick to it but it is strongly recommended to use iOS 6 instead and therefore you will of course
need a workflow which transpires it so that it runs on all browsers.
Typescript on your end.
Yes you can set it up just like with Chaz.
There is no official support.
It is a bit harder.
You can dig into it though if you want to.
Angular.
Now here we can use as 5.
Theoretically there is a way but no that's no fun at all and the same for ESX it won't work fine with
any of the two languages.
Instead you typically write your angler applications with typescript and you will see that for angular
setting up a typescript workflow or a or a workflow using typescript is actually pretty easy in the
end since it offers a tool for that.
So that is what you will work with in this course too with typescript.
Once we reach angular.
No worries.
You don't need to know ESX or typescript to follow fruiterer's course.
The things we use here will be pretty easy to pick up and to understand if you do plan to dive deeper
into one of these frameworks.
Though it might be worth a thought to pick up more knowledge on that.
However the courses which teach these frameworks might also add or provide a basic intro.
For example my complete guide on angler has a section explaining the basics of typescript.
So dead already prerequisites.
This is frameworks have or the language they use again for this course.
Basic javascript knowledge is all you need.